Fix Typos in interact (#1586)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/index.md

Smart contracts are written using specific [programming languages](/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/) that compile to EVM bytecode (low-level machine instructions called opcodes).

> Not only do smart contracts serve as open source libraries, they are essentially open API services that run 24/7 and can't be taken down. Smart contracts provide public functions which applications ([dapps](/developers/docs/dapps/)) may permissively interact with. Any application may integrate with deployed smart contracts to compose functionality (such as data feeds or decentralized exchanges). Anyone can deploy new smart contracts to Ethereum in order to add custom functionality to meet their application's needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not only do smart contracts serve as open source libraries, they are essentially open API services that run 24/7 and can't be taken down. Smart contracts provide public functions which applications ([dapps](/developers/docs/dapps/)) may interact with, without needing permission. Any application may integrate with deployed smart contracts to compose functionality (such as data feeds or decentralized exchanges). Anyone can deploy new smart contracts to Ethereum in order to add custom functionality to meet their application's needs.
```
